Release v1.16.0 (#267)
valory-xyz/open-aea: HISTORY.md

# Release History - open AEA

## 1.16.0 (2022-08-18)

AEA:
- Adds schema validation for global CLI config file
- Improves the dependency resolver

> - Adds check to prevent circular package dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provides more useful error messages when circular package dependencies are present
```

> - Adds check to make sure all the packages in an AEA project are being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds check to make sure all the packages referenced in an AEA package's `config.yaml` are being used as imports in the code, and vice versa that all imported packages are reference in the `config.yaml`
```
